How important do you think birthdays and holidays are to me? Explain.
Who do you think was more nervous on our first date? Explain.
What do you think my perfect date night would be?
What was the first thing you noticed about me?
What assumption did you make about me that turned out to be false?
On a scale of 1-10, how open do you feel I am with you? Explain.
What would a day of completely spoiling me look like?
The hardest thing for me to reveal about myself to you was _________.
How does one earn your trust? Have I earned it? How can I earn more?
What has this relationship taught you about yourself?
What's the most romantic thing I've done for you recently?
What's one small way I can be a better partner?
What's the most attractive thing I do without realizing it?
What did our worst argument teach you?
Wildcard: Write down one small way you can be better in this relationship. Both players. Compare.
What are you currently working through that I don't see, if anything?
What song best describes our relationship?
Do you think my job affects me positively or negatively? How does it affect us?
What have you been extra sensitive to lately?
What feelings are hard for you to communicate to me? How can I make it easier?
What immediately attracted you to me? What attracted you more over time?
Wildcard: On a scale of 1-10 write down the importance of having kids to you. Compare and explain.
Wildcard: Write down the top 3 things your partner does that makes you feel most loved. Both players. Compare.
What's the best gift I've given you? Material and immaterial.
What about you feels hardest to love?
What do you wish we did more of?
What made you fall in love with me?
What's the most important lesson a past relationship has taught you?
Finish the sentence: Thank you for accepting ____________.
Are there any insecurities from previous relationships that you carried into this one? If so, what are they?
Wildcard: Write a love song for your partner. 1 minute. Perform for each other.
What recent experience made you feel closer to me?
Wildcard: Write down the title you would give this chapter of our relationship. Compare.
Wildcard: Write a short guide of how to love your partner well. 30 seconds. Compare.
How do our strengths and weaknesses complement each other?
What have I helped you appreciate about yourself?
Wildcard: Draw one of your favorite memories from our relationship. 30 seconds. Compare.
How do I show that I love you without telling you?
When was the last time I hurt you, perhaps unintentionally?
How have you seen me grow in this relationship?
Have I helped you change your mind about anything?
Wildcard: Ask your partner something you've never asked them before.
How does our age difference, or lack thereof, affect us? If at all?
What fear do you think holds me back the most?
What's one small way we can improve our sex life?
What answer of mine surprised you the most throughout the game, if any?
Is there anything you still don't know about me that you wish you did?
Wildcard: Write down the top 3 things you're most grateful for in your partner. 30 seconds. Compare.
What goal would feel best for you to accomplish this year?
Wildcard: Write down your intention for our relationship. Compare.
What don't I give myself enough credit for?
What about our relationship are you proudest of?
What did this conversation teach you about our relationship? What did it teach you about yourself?
Thank you for helping me realize __________ about myself.